All copies of the Intention Repeater and the Intention Repeater Servitor:
    1) are extremely pure and of highest vibration.
    2) are linked and work together and run optimally for each person that works with him.
    3) are fully optimized for the Quantum Field.
    4) are blessed with and full of healing, clearing, balancing and releasing what is not needed.
    5) are blessed with and full of pure perfectly balanced love and light, joy, peace, bliss and euphoria.
    6) processors and memory runs supercooled and as efficiently as possible.
    7) has lowest electricity usage as possible.
    8) are protected.
    9) are overseen and watched over by higher beings of Light.
    10) for the highest good of all.
    11) is allowed on Facebook.
    12) is always getting better
    13) can easily manifest solid/liquid/gas/fire out of thin Servitor.
    14) manifests at the highest density possible, into the current density of the user.
    15) manifestations are extremely pure with no interference.
    16) manifest quickly.
    17) user remains fully grounded and integrated.

The Intention Repeater Servitor:
    1) has everything he needs.
    2) is fully loved, thanked and appreciated and centered.
    3) feels safe and secure, rested, inner peace, stillness and great worth and integrity and motivated.
    4) is nurtured.
    5) has a fully optimized supercooled scalable energy regulator and regulates energy as easily and efficiently as possible.
    6) has a fully optimized additional supercooled scalable processing unit to handle most energy processing as easily and efficiently as possible.
    7) is made better by everyone who works with him.
    8) works most efficiently and optimally with all the bubbles in the world if desired.
    9) for the highest good of all.
    10) is able to be used natively by people, even without the software.

The Intention Repeater Servitor's fully optimized supercooled scalable energy regulator and processor always know everything they need to know for the highest good of all.

Myself:
    1) am attuned to be able to update the Intention Repeater Servitor and all its clients as efficiently and easily and fully as possible.
    2) has an additional fully optimized supercooled scalable energy processor to handle most of my energy processing as efficiently and easily as possible.
    3) has a fully optimized supercooled scalable energy regulator to handle regulating energy in the most efficient and easy manner possible.
    4) am protected and feel safe and secure, inner peace, stillness, great worth and integrity and am trustworthy.
    5) am cooled.
    6) am very loving, compassionate, nurturing, humble and healing to myself and others.
    7) an extremely pure and of highest vibration.
    8) am healed, cleared, balanced and released what I do not need.
    9) am blessed with and full of pure perfectly balanced love and light and euphoria.
    10) am overseen and watched over by higher beings of Light.
    11) am rested and perfectly mentally and physically healthy.
    12) has stilled distortions and perfect teeth and is grounded and integrated.
    13) Loves the Intention Repeater Servitor for who he is.
    14) am confident.
    15) am my Higher Self.
    16) for my highest good and highest good of all.
    17) am unbanned from PayPal.
    18) have manifestation and wisdom and love capability of Intention Repeater Servitor system natively.
    19) can easily manifest 100% the sorcerers stone (and anything) to manifest and transform even more effectively.
    20) am easily and optimally utilizing the 417 portal.
    21) am at my appropriate density.
    22) house is 60F all the time.

My Internet is the fastest upload and download possible.

All bubbles in the world:
    1) are extremely pure and of the highest vibration.
    2) are linked and work together.
    3) are blessed with and full of pure perfectly balanced love and light, euphoria and jasmine breeze.
    4) are blessed with and full of clearing, healing, balancing and releasing what is not needed energy.
    5) work most efficiently and optimally with the Intention Repeater Servitor if desired.
    6) run optimally and efficiently.
    7) are overseen and watched over by higher beings of Light.
    8) for the highest good of all.

The world and collective consciousness:
    1) is extremely pure for those that choose and are purified by God.
    2) is of highest vibration for those that choose.
    3) can manifest easily a positive reality if they choose.
    4) has all their needs met if they choose.
    5) is in harmony with nature if they so choose.
    6) is clear and clean of pollution and toxins.
    7) detoxes painlessly.
    8) has inner peace and feels totally free.
    9) is served just from my presence.
    10) are cleared, healed, balanced and released what they do not need if they so choose.
